1.	Users must be able to create an account or sign in to an existing account
a.	Click “Sign in” on the main menu
i.	Click on “Create New Account”
1.	Enter standard sign in details
ii.	If you already have an account, enter your details
2.	Users must be able to create a map
a.	Click “Generate New Map” on the main menu
i.	Repeat until you are given a map that you want to start with
3.	Users must be able to edit a map
a.	Click on “Edit” on the main menu
i.	Click on one of your maps to open it in editing mode
4.	Users must be able to use different tools to place Features on a map
a.	Select a generic Feature from the list
i.	Pick a style
ii.	Select the Point Tool
1.	Click on a location on the map to place your selected Feature
iii.	Select the Brush Tool
1.	Click on a location and move your mouse to place many of your selected Feature in a path behind your mouse
iv.	Select the Polygon Tool
1.	Click on a location on the map to place a dot. Click on at least 2 other locations to form a shape (with the dots as the vertices). Upon the shape being completed, the entire area will be filled in with you selected Feature
v.	Select the Eraser Tool
1.	Click on a Feature that is already on the map, and it will be removed.
vi.	Select the Edit Tool
1.	Click on a Feature that is already on the map and adjust its position
2.	Click on a Character or Title Feature, and adjust their position, and also edit their associated text fields
vii.	Select the Duplicate Tool
1.	Click on a Feature that is already on the map, and an exact copy will be created next to it. 
2.	Click on a Character or Title Feature and an exact copy will be created, including their associated text fields
viii.	Select the Undo Tool
1.	Click on the Undo Tool button, and the last change you have made will be undone
b.	Select the Title Feature
i.	Select the Point Tool
1.	Click on a Feature that is already on the map to apply a title to it
2.	Edit the name of the Title
ii.	Select the Polygon Tool
1.	Draw out a shape with the Polygon Tool (as described above), and a Title will be applied to the selected area
2.	Edit the name of the Title
c.	Select the Character Feature
i.	Select a style
ii.	Select the Point Tool
1.	 Click on a point on the map to place the Character
iii.	Select the Edit Tool and click on your Character
1.	Edit the Name field
2.	Edit the Background field
3.	Edit the Occupation field
4.	Edit the Personality field
5.	Click “Add Relationship”
a.	Click another Feature on the map
5.	User must be able to view the Character Relation Tree
a.	Click “Character Tree”
6.	Users must be able to save their map to their account
a.	Whilst editing, click on the “Save” button in the corner
i.	Give your map a name
ii.	Click Confirm
7.	Users must be able to share their maps via a code
a.	Click “Share” 
i.	Copy the code associated with the map and share with another user outside of the app
8.	Users must be able to view maps made by others
a.	Click “View” from the main menu
b.	Paste in a map code
